# Final Demo

Here is a demo video we’ve made of the installation in action:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZllSadcf-k

We logged on to the installation with four different devices to simulate multiple visitors, and the cards were being dealt by the server in real time. The visuals and DMX lighting are all being generated by Live and Pd, respectively.  

Although nothing in this video is faked, some of the cutaway footage has been comp’d in from other takes to make the interactions clearer. You can view a completely unedited version with more detailed explanations of the individual interactions here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeEIdn7vLEU

#### Summary
We are really excited about the possibilities that this concept affords to both the state of technology-driven installation art, as well as the methods of disseminating interactive music. Dynamics is a marriage of these two worlds.  

For music listeners, it offers a new, incredibly immersive way of experiencing a body of work from an artist, affording them a deeper, more personalised connection than a traditional album.

For creators, it offers multiple extra artistic dimensions that they can explore when creating a piece of music - not constrained to the linearity of most music distribution formats, integrating generative techniques, listener participation and incredible potential for visual counterparts.

#### Further work
Dynamics is effectively a new format of music, and in the near future we will be inviting other artists to write music especially for it. The concept of placing music into a physical space has been explored for many years by forward thinking artists such as Brian Eno, however the methodology has never been standardised into a repeatable, flexible format that is independent of its content.  

We are striving for a situation where permanent, standardised installations of Dynamics can be found in cities across the world, and that artists regularly release music specifically for such an interactive format. In a world where recorded and streamed music is experiencing a race to the bottom in terms of monetary value, but live music ticket sales are doing better than ever, a music format that combines recorded music with interactivity and physical presence is something that we are very excited to be exploring. We hope that the Barbican will be the first venue to explore it with us.
